========================== ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Subkey                     Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
========================== ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
scoring_method             Specify the optimization metric for your hyperparameter search.                                                                                                                                                                                       
test_size                  Size of test set in the hyperoptimization cross validation, given as a percentage of the whole dataset.                                                                                                                                               
n_splits                   Number of iterations in train-validation cross-validation used for model optimization.                                                                                                                                                                
N_iterations               Number of iterations used in the hyperparameter optimization. This corresponds to the number of samples drawn from the parameter grid.                                                                                                                
n_jobspercore              Number of jobs assigned to a single core. Only used if fastr is set to true in the classfication.                                                                                                                                                     
maxlen                     Number of estimators for which the fitted outcomes and parameters are saved. Increasing this number will increase the memory usage.                                                                                                                   
ranking_score              Score used for ranking the performance of the evaluated workflows.                                                                                                                                                                                    
memory                     When using DRMAA plugin, e.g. on BIGR cluster, memory usage of a single optimization job. Should be a string consisting of an integer + "G".                                                                                                          
refit_training_workflows   If True, refit all workflows trained on the full training dataset automatically during training. This will save time while performing inference, but will take more time during training and make the saved model much larger.                        
refit_validation_workflows If True, refit all workflows trained on the train-validation training dataset automatically during training. This will save time while performing validation evaluation, but will take more time during training and make the saved model much larger.
========================== ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================