============================== ====================================================================================================================================================================================
Subkey                         Description                                                                                                                                                                         
============================== ====================================================================================================================================================================================
cross_validation               Determine whether a cross validation will be performed or not. Obsolete, will be removed.                                                                                           
Segmentix                      Determine whether to use Segmentix tool for segmentation preprocessing.                                                                                                             
FeatureCalculators             Specifies which feature calculation tools should be used. A list can be provided to use multiple tools.                                                                             
Preprocessing                  Specifies which tool will be used for image preprocessing.                                                                                                                          
RegistrationNode               Specifies which tool will be used for image registration.                                                                                                                           
TransformationNode             Specifies which tool will be used for applying image transformations.                                                                                                               
Joblib_ncores                  Number of cores to be used by joblib for multicore processing.                                                                                                                      
Joblib_backend                 Type of backend to be used by joblib for multicore processing.                                                                                                                      
tempsave                       Determines whether after every cross validation iteration the result will be saved, in addition to the result after all iterations. Especially useful for debugging.                
AssumeSameImageAndMaskMetadata Make the assumption that the image and mask have the same metadata. If True and there is a mismatch, metadata from the image will be copied to the mask.                            
ComBat                         Whether to use ComBat feature harmonization on your FULL dataset, i.e. not in a train-test setting. See <https://github.com/Jfortin1/ComBatHarmonization for more information./>`_ .
============================== ====================================================================================================================================================================================